Mimi, what is it? I have a malignant
tumour in my left breast.
Maybe we should just be friends.
No. I've got a lot of friends.
I want more.
You...
Did she tell you what she's planning
to do with the baby? If she had,
I wouldn't betray her confidence.
It's not Michael's baby.
Sam's gonna hate me.
You don't have to tell her.
I enjoyed it so much
that I'm not sure
I want it to be my last.
'Time. The great master.
Uncontrollable. Unstoppable.
This beauty was crafted in 1933.
Quite the year, actually.
My mother was born.'
You'll be here when I wake up?
Well, I'll definitely be here
if you don't.
Clamp, now!
Oh, shit, we're losing her.
I'm no doctor,
but this doesn't appear to be going
very well.
BP's falling!
Oh, is it over?
The hardest part is.
(CONTINUOUS TONE)
'And that's the truth.
Dying is easy.
It's living
that really takes it out of you.'
(GASPS)
Oh.
No pre-op jitters for you, then.
You slept like a baby
for ten hours straight.
Can you blame me?
Dealing with all of you
fussing over me is exhausting.
Speaking of which,
Sam's already been here twice.
Oh, I hate that
she's worrying about me.
Will you look out of her?
Today?
And after the surgery.
I don't want her
spending all her days here
locked in battle with Gina.
There's more to life!
How about we look after her together
when you come home?
Running away again?
It's enough to give a guy a complex.
No running.
Promised to make a family breakfast.
Am I invited?
Since when were you family?
I'm in a relationship
with a family member.
You think this is a relationship?
Well, isn't it? Er...
I haven't really thought about it.
Maybe you should.
I'll call you.
Where's Mimi?
Still sleeping last time I checked.
Unbelievable. The woman's got
nerves of steel. Where have you been?
Mason's. So much for your promise
of staying away from him.
Annoyingly,
I think I really like him.
The best sex in the world doesn't
change the fact that he is a snake.
It's more than sex.
So go for it.
You don't need my blessing.
I do, actually.
Because if you can't forgive him,
I'm not sure I can.
Fine. I just hope you know
what you're getting yourself into.
Whatever the roses did,
they don't deserve that.
Too much?
We're all worried about her.
How are you coping?
With what?
Mimi. The baby.
Mimi's gonna be fine. End of.
And... as for the other thing...
Sammy.
Look what the peacock dragged in.
Thanks for coming.
I was so glad you called.
You must have driven all night.
I'm no good at playing it cool.
It was impressive, actually.
She gave me her blessing
while at the same time
making me feel like a complete idiot.
I thought that today of all days
you'd have put down your weapons.
Never!
She's right, of course.
Things will probably
go horrible wrong with Mason.
Just like all the others have.
What's the worst that could happen?
You end up pregnant and alone, back
living with your mother? Unlikely.
Then you'll end up
with a broken heart,
and we both know that's not fatal.
So... what about you?
Can we talk about the thing
that we can't talk about yet?
It just didn't work out.
Once we were a regular couple,
the spark just disappeared.
Well, I told...
Oh, so not the time for that speech.
No. Right. Yep.
(SIGHS) We just became
bickering siblings
living in filthy hostels
with no money. Not fun.
And then one night we both said some
horrific things to each other...
..and I went to this bar
and met the most beautiful
Italian man I've ever seen. And...
But... hang on.
So this baby is Italian?
100 percent.
Well, 75 percent. 25 percent Irish.
This is a brilliant combination!
(LAUGHS)
Brava! (LAUGHS)
Well, you just left.
Yeah, because you told me to.
I didn't mean right away.
Oh, so, what, you meant fuck off
but not immediately? (SIGHS)
I don't know. (SIGHS)
I thought maybe I'd made a mistake.
When I said I wanted you to go...
..maybe that was... actually the
complete opposite of what I wanted.
Shall we see where we could go?
The thing is...
That is, if you still want me.
I've never really wanted
anybody else.
Where is she?
She said she'll be right down.
I thought you were banished.
I've been offered a reprieve.
You know Mimi can't eat any of this.
Why not?
Cos she's fasting.
She can't even have a cup of coffee.
All right, calm down, I'm not gonna
force-feed her French toast. OK!
Oh.
You clearly all think I'm about to
die, otherwise why the last supper?
(SIGHS)
Look, I appreciate all the support,
but...
..I have a request.
Anything.
Stand down, ladies.
Don't come with me.
I can deal with this much better
without you looking at me
with anguished faces.
Absolutely not!
There's no way we're sending you
off to surgery in a taxi.
Who said anything about a taxi?
In case this is adieu
rather than au revoir,
I have a nugget for you all.
Do what feels right in your heart.
There's no other way worth living.
(CHUCKLES) Right!
This could be my last trip,
so make it a good one.
No pressure, then!
(LAUGHS)
(ENGINE ROARS)
Yes!
Ahh!
(ROCK MUSIC)
It's a routine procedure.
And she's in phenomenal shape.
She'll be home before we know it.
Right. Good talk.
Do you know,
motherhood didn't come easy for me.
I was sick
every day of the pregnancy
and had depression for months after.
But I did my best
and that's really
all you can ever do.
I know it seems daunting right now,
but you have two grannies eager
to help... It isn't Michael's.
What?
But it doesn't matter,
we're still family.
Has Gina known all along?
Fucking Benellis!
You're all the same!
Liar and cheats!
Fuck!
Well, she'll calm down.
She always does.
Don't bet on it. Her head
practically did a 360. Well,
your timing couldn't have been worse.
I was trying to do the right thing!
She'll forgive you. Me?
What about you?
You're the one who lied to her.
Because you told me to! And even
when I tried to tell her, you
swooped in and changed the subject!
I was looking out for you.
How? By ensuring she would hate me
when she found out the truth?
No! That's not...
How would you have felt
if it was the other way round,
thinking it was your grandchild,
then having it ripped away?
It wasn't really about me, was it?
It was just about you and Sam
and your ridiculous power games.
I got caught in the crossfire.
Well, I had hoped
I'd die in my own bed,
not in some damned establishment
wearing a recycled gown.
You are not going to die.
General anaesthetic holds
much more risk for the elderly.
And that's not taking into account
all the bugs that seem to be running
riot in our hospitals these days.
OK. I'll make you a deal.
If you make it out of here,
I'll finally take your advice
and sign up for a dating app.
Hallelujah!
If you don't have sex soon,
you'll forget where everything goes.
Right. Onward unto the breach.
What have I been doing here
all this time,
wasting years of my life investing
in this place, in this family?
People who have no moral code
whatsoever!
Can we just stop for a minute?
Poor Michael is out there
heartbroken and alone,
all because like mother,
like bloody daughter!
Maybe you should give her
a chance to explain.
Everybody makes mistakes.
If you just talk to her...
No, no more talking.
It's got me absolutely nowhere.
I can't do this any more. I can't.
Neither can I. Sammy...
From now on,
I'm gonna focus on the people in my
life who I know won't let me down.
Challenge of the day.
Make the lunch special with...
..these ingredients.
But lunch service is in an hour.
Hence the challenge.
Don't let me down.
He likes to keep us on our toes.
Why did this have to happen today?
Why not today?
Just I've, erm...
family stuff going on.
Fuck.
Have a little faith.
Mr Elliot adores you.
He'll love whatever you come up
with. You think? Of course.
And I can help you
with your food prep if you like.
Let you get on with inventing.
Thanks.
Maybe...
..you... just need to find
a way to relax.
# Girlfriend
# Don't feel like a girlfriend
# But lover
# Dammit, be a lover #
Dio, would you just take it?
Thanks very much.
Sam, listen... I always knew
you were capable of some pretty
underhanded things, but this...
What kind of person are you?
I can explain.
There is no possible explanation!
You even had me doubting my own son,
thinking he was an absolute bastard
for abandoning
his pregnant girlfriend.
We were going to tell you. When?
At a time that suited you?
That's how you operate, isn't it?
Always putting your own needs
in front of everyone else's,
especially mine!
Are you gonna let me speak? No!
I don't know why I was even
surprised that Teresa was lying. She
learnt from the best. That's enough!
Leave Teresa out of this.
You're right. It is enough.
Any word from the hospital?
No, it's too soon. Sam?
"She'll calm down. She just needs
time." What a load of arse.
Er, just confirming that the chapel
is booked for our vow renewal.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
You know, we actually got married
there 30 years ago. Amazing.
What's your secret?
Patience.
And you have to be blind sometimes.
Deaf others. (LAUGHS)
Although, really,
we had to get along.
We didn't have anyone else.
His parents didn't approve of me
and mine didn't approve of him.
We didn't even have any guests
at our wedding.
But it was a magical day
nonetheless.
Look, let me make you
a proper wedding cake.
No extra cost, of course.
Ohh, that would be wonderful.
Thank you.
Erm, Andrew will show you
to your room. Great. Thanks.
OK, this way.
Chef, we're still waiting on orders
for tables 4, 9 and 12. I know.
It's not what I was hoping for.
We're gonna need a new special.
Oh, erm...
What about this?
It's just... something
I was working on this morning.
Yeah. Good. Put it on the board.
Yes, sir.
And put this... in the bin,
where sadly it belongs.
Good work, Rhiannon.
Chef.
(SIGHS)
You're the most beautiful woman
I've ever seen.
I'm definitely the luckiest.
Isn't this a bit drastic,
making a decision like this
on a day like today?
It is exactly the best day.
Do you think Mimi would stick around
if someone had done this to her?
Take a breath.
I was only ever here because of Leo.
I mean, who was I kidding?
As if I could ever trust her,
after all she's done!
Just promise me one thing.
No lies, OK? Whatever happens.
OK.
Just stop for a second.
I mean really. Really.
Just stop.
Maybe, er... take a seat.
(SIGHS)
I slept with someone
at Mimi's party,
after we split up.
I was hurt.
Heartbroken.
Who was it?
Janice. Mimi's doctor.
OK.
Really?
Sure.
You can leave now.
Sammy, please. Get out.
How's that, then?
Yeah. Face it the other way.
No, the other other way.
Yeah. That's it.
Is this your way of getting me up
the aisle? Don't flatter yourself.
I must admit, this rent-a-crowd
venture is a new one on me.
(SIGHS)
What's wrong? I well and truly
screwed up with Sam.
Apologise, then.
I tried. I just don't think
we can get past this.
So what now?
Dunno.
I just... want her to be happy.
(DOOR BANGS)
Thank you so much.
What's all this?
Well, everyone deserves
a proper wedding day with flowers
and guests and a maid of honour,
if you'll have me. Yes.
Mason.
I'm your best man, I believe.
Thank you.
You owe me.
Excuse me?
You know what you did.
And it's time to make amends.
Go on.
I want out of the Penrose.
Away from here altogether.
Surely with your connections,
you can help me secure a position
elsewhere.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Meaning?
Meaning Gina would kill me.
That's really not my problem.
This is between me and you.
And we both know it's the very least
you could do for me.
I'll see what I can do.
I'm so grateful to you
for all of this.
We both lost a lot
when we chose each other.
Of course.
(PHONE BUZZES)
Oh. Excuse me.
Teresa?
Calm down. Calm down.
Sam! Sam! Sam!
Get out of my way.
Teresa called from the hospital.
They think Mimi's had a stroke.
(MONITOR BEEPS)
What's happening? The nurse said
she should have woken up by now.
I'm going to find a doctor.
OK.
You OK?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Erm... I'll be back in a minute.
Teresa.
What's happening?
What if I lose it?
Don't.
What if it sensed
that I wasn't sure?
What if it didn't feel loved?
Stop!
That baby is blissfully unaware
of all the chaos out here,
including your feelings.
Just try to relax. Yeah.
Can you see it?
Erm...
I'm sorry. I can't find a heartbeat.
Yes, you can. Yes, you can.
I heard it just last week.
I'm sorry. Stop saying fucking
sorry! Just do the scan again.
Yes, you can. Mum!
Teresa...
Mum, why isn't she doing it again?
Why isn't she doing it? Mum!
Teresa... Please do it again! No.
No.
(SOBS)
Oh! Oh, my darling.
You died in a room like this.
Well, this is awkward.
Is it selfish of me
to want her to stay alive...
..because I need her?
Maybe you've never been
selfish enough.
Without you here, without Michael...
..maybe without Mimi...
..I don't know where I belong.
You know, I wouldn't have minded
if you'd taken that job in London
when we got married.
Of course you would.
You wanted me to be here.
No.
I wanted you to be happy.
(MONITOR BEEPS)
How's Mimi?
We're still waiting.
Right.
I'll, erm... I'll come back later.
What for?
So we can talk.
I have nothing more to say.
You broke up with me.
I was devastated.
I wasn't thinking straight.
Of all people,
I really thought I could trust you.
You can.
I'm so sorry, Sammy.
(ALARM BEEPS)
Who do I have to screw
to get a slice of toast around here?
I'm starving!
Oh, thank God!
Please?
Let's just check you over first.
A cup of tea, maybe? I'll get you
a cup of tea. Oh, thank you!
I didn't actually realise
how much I wanted it
till the scan was happening.
How much I'd made plans for it.
How fucked up is that?
That is not fucked up at all.
I think you've been incredible
throughout all of this.
I've never been so proud.
(SNIFFS)
Where is she?
They've taken her for some tests,
but she seems fine.
Teresa lost the baby.
I'm so sorry.
Is she OK?
She will be.
Listen, erm, about before...
This experiment just hasn't
worked out between us, has it?
I'm leaving. This way
we can all move on with our lives.
Right. That's, er...
That's fine by me.
I can finally run the place
the way I want to.
Well, that's decided, then.
Not partners, not friends,
not family.
Yeah.
'What a difference
a little time can make.
A minute, a day, a week, a month.
A whole life can change.
Friendships can collapse,
families split apart.
But for every door that slams shut,
a new one springs open
in its place.'
Hi!
Welcome to La Fontaine.
Thank you.
Can I show you to your table?
I had two miscarriages
before I had Leo.
And I carry that with me always
as a reminder that life is precious.
Is this what growing up feels like?
You're talking to the wrong person,
dear! That's true.
Our battle scars are what make us.
They show us that we were wounded
but not defeated.
I just, I can't stand the thought of
you leaving, of all this being over.
There's a time for everything, dear.
..champagne to celebrate.
Sorry.
It suits you. What does?
This place. If it was a dress,
it would be a perfect fit.
Oh, well, so far, so good.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
The staff seem gloriously
uncomplicated and professional.
Yeah, but they're just trying
to impress their new boss. (LAUGHS)
Well...
..long may the good times last.
How did Sam find anything?
Probably cos she didn't just
chuck stuff at her desk.
What are you looking for?
I may have taken a booking
for a wedding
on the same night that Sam confirmed
a 40th birthday party.
Now the groom is threatening to sue.
No! No! No!
What are you doing even taking
bookings? You're not allowed.
Sam told me. I can handle that. Oh!
You have to call her.
Call who, sorry?
Cher. Who do you think? You've been
miserable for weeks. Admit it.
No, I haven't. I'm perfectly
all right. Bullshit. Call her
You can. You just need to swallow
your enormous ego for once.
What...
It's all right. Just disappear.
I've got this.
Shouldn't you be at lunch service?
I can't cook.
And I can always cook.
It just doesn't feel right.
Sam should be here.
I feel like Torvill without Dean.
More like Tom without Jerry,
from what I could see.
If you hadn't got her that job
in that poncey hotel, we might have
been able to work things out.
You said you wanted her to be happy.
Here! I wanted her to be happy here!
Well, I owed her a good turn.
Well, you should never have got
involved! She's my business partner.
But you're complete opposites.
You fight like cats and dogs.
I know! That's how it works!
(SIGHS) This is totally confusing.
Whatever this is between us
is never going to work out
if you're going to go interfering
behind my back.
Interfering?
It was a peace offering.
And one that could have destroyed
everything that I've worked so hard
to create.
You can blame me all you want, but
the truth is she was going anyway.
This place...
it just wasn't enough for her
any more.
Service!
Where's Gina? I've no idea, but when
I find her, I'm going to kill her.
What are you doing here?
I just needed a bit of normality.
This place is your normal? You do
realise how crazy that makes you?
Welcome.
It'll be a quick turnaround.
And we're full this evening, so...
Can you take over for me for a sec?
Nice place.
It is.
I'm lying. It smells funny.
I hate it. Come home.
Don't. I mean it. You don't belong
here. You're wasting your time.
Look, I know I should've told you
about the baby.
I didn't want to disappoint you.
I knew how excited you were,
we all were.
I'm doing what's best for me now.
But we're what's best for you.
We're your family.
And the Penrose is a family business.
That's what we love about it.
La familia. It's in our blood.
But we're not blood. We never were.
We were just pretending to be.
And see how well that turned out.
Well, the Penrose
just doesn't feel right without you.
First Adam, then you,
and now you're taking Mimi.
It's all unravelling.
I was only ever
playing support there.
To Leo and then to you.
I want to see what happens
when I give myself that space
to put myself first.
You're right. It was all about me.
But not any more.
It's about a mile or so from the
Penrose. It's perfect for the spa.
I sold the rest of the wine.
I put a deposit down this morning.
It's yours... if you want it.
It's too late. I work here now.
And this is what you really want?
It is.
We're having a family supper
on Sunday, before Mimi moves out.
You should come.
We might not all be together again.
I already have plans.
Good luck, Sam.
'It's like losing a limb,
letting go of the ones you love.
Even the people
that hurt you the most.'
Er, excuse me, chef who doesn't
work here any more, unhand my pots!
You were gone
and I just... got stuck in.
Right.
Well, I'm here now, so you can get
back to your posh, weightless food.
What if I don't want to? It's not
just about the cooking for me.
It's all of it.
It's about being around people
who know me and care about me.
People who I can trust.
There is no substitute for that.
You made your bed.
I know, but fuck that!
I wanna come home.
You took bloody long enough.
(CHUCKLES)
Thank you.
I thought you might like to know
that your head chef has resigned.
I heard.
It's not the first time Rhiannon
has scared off the competition.
Well, Adam has a very big heart.
I know.
That's why he never stood a chance.
So, that makes it one-all, then.
Sam is blissfully happy and won't
be coming home, thanks to you.
I don't wanna fight.
Yeah, I... I know.
(SIGHS)
So where does that leave us, then?
Like any other new couple, I guess.
At the beginning.
So what brought you back to us,
then?
It was like Gladiator in there.
That kind of ambition,
it's ruthless. I don't wanna spend
my days looking over my shoulder.
I'd much rather be here.
You do realise
we're completely dysfunctional.
Yeah, but I already knew that.
For what it's worth,
I think you might actually be
a better chef than my mum.
But if you tell her I said that,
I will have to kill you
and bury you in her compost heap.
Seriously... I needed that.
Oh, shit! I'm so sorry. Are you OK?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
It is actually fine. It doesn't...
I actually can't feel
anything at all.
Mrs Hasni! Looking beautiful!
What a pretty dress!
Oh. Just a little something.
Oh, you're too kind.
You shouldn't have.
Here he is now.
Look who's come to visit you,
Mr Hasni. Hi.
And you are?
I'm Keira, darling.
I'm your wife.
You enjoy yourselves now.
Let's go and have a cup of tea, hm?
(PHONE RINGS)
'There's a time for everything.'
Michael?
Finally!
'A time to live
and a time to die.'
Thank you.
'A time to hold on
and a time to let go.
A time for war
and a time for peace.'
I wish I could think of something
more original to say than I'm sorry,
but that is exactly what I am.
I am so sorry that in trying
not to hurt you, I ended up
Michael called.
He told me things were pretty much
over between you before...
I'm sorry about the baby.
Here she is.
There she is.
Are you all packed? Yes, of course!
But...
..I'm not coming with you, dear.
What?
I've booked myself into a luxury
health resort on Lake Como!
Indefinitely.
You see, I want to recover in style,
not watching Judge Judy
in a granny flat.
I'm sorry.
All right?
Oh! Look at that!
I'm so glad you came.
I couldn't resist
one last Gina Benelli feast.
Let's eat, then.
(ALL LAUGH)
Ooh! I'll have some spaghetti.
Right. OK. Thank you.
Let's eat, everyone.
Delicious.
This looks great.
Some spaghetti for you.
Oh, lovely!
That's enough. That's enough.
What is that?
We call that long green spaghetti,
if you're interested in it.
Mm!
So, apparently,
pregnancy can affect allergies.
So carrying a baby forces the body
to accept something foreign.
So the baby cured you?
I guess it did.
Are you sure about this?
I am 23 years old and I have never
been in a swimming pool.
Fair enough.
# PRIMAL SCREAM: Movin' On Up
# I was blind
# Now I can see
# You made a believer
# Out of me
# I was blind
# Now I can see
# You made a believer
# Out of me
# I'm moving on up now
# Getting out of the darkness
# My light shines on
# My light shines on...
So, is it just dinner
and tonight, then?
Or... are you in?
You're impossible.
Mm. And you're infuriating.
I'll think about it.
'That's the problem with life.
You don't even realise you're in
this crazy kaleidoscope of glory
until it's too late.'
# My light shines on
'Take it from me.
Every second is precious.
Don't waste a heartbeat.'
# My light shines on
# My light shines on #